***NoMAD v. 1.1***

**Released on Oct. 2, 2017**

* Shares Menu - this is our biggest new feature since the initial launch of NoMAD almost a year ago. The Shares Menu allows you to provide a number of file shares for your users and mount them as needed based upon group membership and with variable substitution in the URLs.
* Keychain Item synching - NoMAD will updated a collection of Keychain items each time the user changes his or her password in AD.
* 802.1x TLS profiles - NoMAD can associate a user cert from AD with an 802.1x wireless profile.
* Welcome window - first time users of NoMAD can be shown a standard introduction to what NoMAD is, or get a custom HTML page that's specific for your environment.
* Recursive group lookups - you can specify all groups to be returned, including nested groups. Note that this may increase look up times.
* FirstRunDone - in conjunction with the Welcome window, you can now know when the first time NoMAD has run.
* Anonymous LDAP - NoMAD can now be functional in non-AD environments that have anonymous binding.
* Open Directory Support - there is now a specific setting for OD to handle the differences between OD and other forms of LDAP servers.
* Sign In Window changes - the sign in window can be excluded from automatically showing for certain users. This is particular handy for when you login to a machine as a local admin and do not want to be pestered by the NoMAD Sign In window constantly popping up. On the other hand, NoMAD can now be configured to make the Sign In window pop to the front of all windows in the Finder on a regular basis for users that either forget to sign in or are actively trying to ignore signing in.
* More user attributes - NoMAD will now record a users's e-mail address and UPN from his or her AD account and store this in NoMAD's preference file.
* Fix for High Sierra not updating passwords in AD when changing the password for Mobile Accounts.
* Russian localization
* Some updates to having NoMAD use more of the Kerberos APIs for things like determining which of your current Kerberos tickets is your default.